# ITERATION 2 DOCUMENTATION AND MINUTES

## TEAMWORK


#### Agile practices, as required by the git practices & Project Management section of marking criteria
* We used continuous testing and frequent communication (far more than in iteration 1) to help solve issues (e.g. figuring out better ways of storing data, or understanding how to create a Flask server and test it through Advanced Rest Client).

* We held regular standups (at least one at the beginning of every meeting, both in person and online). This helped with getting the 'update me' part of the meeting out of the way quickly, and allowed more informant talks.

* Where changes were to be made to our implementation, e.g. changing exceptions, or changing misreads in the spec, everyone was made aware of the issue BEFORE it was fixed and then alerted of the fix IMMEDIATELY AFTER remedial action was taken. This avoided us being on different pages, and allowed us all to progress more quickly.

#### Meetings
* In iteration 1, not everyone was well co-ordinated. We had certain people working on certain tasks together but bad communication between these sub-groups.
Hence, in this iteration, we decided to take meetings more seriously; rather than just letting meetings be 'updates', we used 10 minute standups to update each other, and then used the rest of the meeting to highlight key problems and talk about solutions as well as talk about the way forward.

* The team had physical meetings 3 times per week, and online meetings once a week (starting week 5).

* Instead of 'splitting' tasks, we worked more collectively on all tasks together.

* Teamwork was much better because of this, and that showed in the work we put out being of better quality.

* An online group call was arranged once a week to track progress. Every member could join the call at a convenient time, as this call stayed on for 3 hours on a selected day. It was basically a group-work call, where we worked together.

* Main talking points were communicated prior to being discussed during the next meeting, minimising time wasted.

#### Collaboration
* Regularly pushed and pulled code so that members kept up-to-date.

* Before starting the hardwork, we designed function headers and spaces for each member to work on files. This reduced the number of merge conflicts seen in iteration 1,
as we were then simply updating functions - not creating new ones.

* Used the Flock app provided extensively in order to keep each other updated with e.g. when someone had pushed work onto a branch

## MEETING MINTUES


# MEETING 1
* Shubham and Uzaid will implement messages functions, Usmaan, Kartikaye and Xu will do the rest. However, no one person will implement; we will implement together (changing our approach to iteration 1).
* Want the implementation of functions done by sunday, so as to start working on the server on Monday.
* No group member issues to report.

# MEETING 2
* Everyone seems to be ahead of where they should be, hence we will bring due dates forward. Try to get the implementation done by friday.
* So far use of flock has has been good, must maintatin the communication.
* Group was notified of a big change needing to be made: the storage of global permissions information. This is going to be implemented.
* No group member issues to report.

# MEETING 3
* Last night we had a merge conflict, this is to be avoided from now on by leaving space for functions i.e. writing out pseudocode and planning together before implementing.
* No group member issues to report.

# MEETING 4 (Video call)
* Nothing to report, simply worked together online for 2 hours.
* No group member issues to report.

# MEETING 5
* Major issue found, the front end provided does NOT add flockr owner as a channel owner automatically. We are going to change implementation to comply to this.
* Server wrapping provided a few issues: all sorted out, some of us were just confused about when to use request.args.get and request.get_json()
* No group member issues to report.

# MEETING 6
* Major point: Despite nothing being said about this, the exemplar given to us does not allow a member to be added twice to a channel. Luckily, we have already accounted for this.
* No group member issues to report.

# MEETING 7 (Video call)
* Nothing to report, simply worked together online for 2 hours.
* No group member issues to report.

# MEETING 8
* Last meeting to talk about finishing touches.
* This iteration we have performed greatly as a group, this is highly encouraging.
* Keep an eye out on the forum to see if there's anything we forgot to do that others are talking about.
* No group member issues to report.







